Jehovah invites each of us to dig into his word and draw closer to him.
That's why we're convinced that Jehovah is blessing the ongoing work to improve our study tools.
It was in 2013, for example, that the organization released an exciting new tool, J.W. Library,
a digital library with the Bible, publications, audio, and video that goes where we go.
The writing committee of the governing body directs and approves updates to J.W. Library, including new and improved features.
After an update, we might not notice a new feature or know how to take full advantage of it.
So we asked the brothers who worked with the programming of J.W. Library to show us how we can make the best use of it.
Have you ever tried to help someone find a publication or media file in J.W. Library, but had to explain how to get their step-by-step?
Now you can send a link using the share feature.
If the recipient has the app installed, when he clicks on the link, it will open directly in the app.
If he doesn't have the app, it will open on the J.W.org website.
We've all had trouble trying to remember a point related to a scripture from a recent talk or a Bible reading.
Tap a Bible verse.
Create a new note, enter text in the note in the study pane.
Try this. Make some notes directly in your Bible.
The next time you're repairing a talk or conducting a Bible study, those explanations or illustrations will be right at your fingertips.
Do you ever wish there was an easier way to look up scriptures while taking notes in J.W. Library?
Full screen notes were made for just that reason.
Tap the note from the personal study tab to open it in full screen.
Then minimize the note to look up a scripture.
When you are finished reading the verse, you'll notice just one tap away.
When in full screen, the note is automatically in edit mode, so you can start typing immediately.
While we have a note open, let's talk about tags.
A good tag identifies what the note is about and helps you find the note again.
A tag can really be anything that would help you find this gem in the future.
Some like to make tags for family worship topics, illustrations they want to remember, or reminders to dig deeper at a later time.
And you can use emojis in your notes and tags to make them stand out.
When you are in the app, do you ever wish you could start listening to audio recordings at a specific verse instead of starting at the beginning of the chapter?
Now you can.
Tap a Bible verse number. Then tap the play button.
This also works in other publications, like the Watch Stower and the Material We're Studying in the Congregation Bible Study.
Are you planning on getting a new device? You don't have to worry about losing your notes and highlights.
Use the backup and restore feature to save your notes.
You can backup to a cloud service or email the file to yourself and then restore it to your new device.
And if you just want to keep your notes safe, remember to make a backup regularly, maybe once a week.
Some have JW Library on more than one device. They use one device to take notes, then send a backup from there to other devices.
Note that when you restore a backup and a second device, it will replace any notes you have there.
We encourage you to learn to use the features of JW Library well.
It will help you to find and dress you up with them from Jehovah and teach others how to do the same.
Thank you, brothers, for those excellent tips on how to get the most from JW Library.
I know I'll be able to put many of them to good use.
If JW Library is one of your study tools, we encourage you to become skilled with it.
While you don't have to use every feature of JW Library, you can learn and practice the ones that help you study God's Word and teach others.
The major Jehovah continued to bless us as we make every effort to dig into His Word and draw closer to Him.